README.md, before:

# XelaNull-7dtd-Modlets

## 7 Days to Die : White River - Tools of Citizenship

This modlet collection extends the new player White Run citizenship quest line to provide some gather & craft quests to obtain improved tools and equipment. Each item has a small back story and explanation in an attempt to blend with the vanilla game and Trader. This gives new players a chance to obtain better gear through a method other than randomness or traditional progression. The rewards this Modlet provides were carefully considered against Vanilla gameplay. In most cases, the named items only provide a slight improvement over the items they were created from.

**This mod is only XML XPath modlets and only needs to be installed on the server!**

The modlet collection provides a multi-tier quest line, first requiring the player to craft a +Declaration of Citizenship. This allows them to begin a quest to volunteer to help lay to rest 10 old residents now turned zombie. This earns the player a +White Run Citizenship Card which they can then use to select which equipment quest they would like to pursue. The player's citizenship card is returned to them after they complete the settlement's quest. If it is lost for any reason, the player can craft a new +Declaration of Citizenship to start the process over of becoming a White Run citizen.

--

The White River settlements are looking for new citizens to give extra tools and equipment that they've collected. They are offering to provide a select few survivors access to higher quality equipment in exchange for volunteering to complete various tasks for the settlement. There is a limited supply and these items are only available to those who gain citizenry with White River settlements. In addition to the reward, the player is also offered a small stack of wet concrete blocks, from the last of the Trader's community inventory to assist in re-establishing a homestead.

### Citizenship is offered in two-tiers:

- Tier 1 : Kill 10 Zombies. This is the Basic level of citizenship. Reward: +White Run Citizenship Card
- Tier 2 : Kill 100 Zombies. This is the Veteran level of citizenship. Reward: +White Run Veteran Citizenship Card

Once the player obtains their citizenship card, they can use this to craft quest starter items for the equipment quests below. Some of the quests below offer a veteran version which rewards a sealed crate containing better quality, more items, and greater quantity of each multi-quantity item. However, after each "Veteran" quest is complete, only a basic citizenship card is returned. The player must successfully complete the Tier 2 citizenship quest again in order to pursue another Veteran equipment quest below.

### Questable Equipment:

- Bambi's Killer Bow - Earn the famed deer killer, "Bambi's Killer" Compound Bow with slightly better stats than Vanilla.
- Dundee's Hunting Knife - Take on everything with Dundee's famous Hunting Knife with slightly better stats than Vanilla.
- Gupta's Bandages - Can't craft first aid bandages? Trade Aloe Leaves & Cotton for a few First Aid Bandages.
- Ivanka's Flaming Dig Tools - From the biggest digger herself, steel Pickaxe & Shovel with flaming mods and slightly better stats than Vanilla.
- Kuva's Red Armor - Discover the secret ingredient in Kuva's Red Armor with slightly better stats and environmental mods.
- Leon's Modded SMG - Help Leon finish his DIY gun project, resulting in a 9mm SMG weapon with slightly better stats than Vanilla.
- Taza's Axe - The famed Taza's Axe, already awesome.

All quests are designed to be repeatable in case of loss of equipment or to try your luck at a higher quality reward.

#### Possible future ideas:

- Maybe set up a third tier?

Commit message:

Added Everdeen's quest and brief installation instructions

README.md, after:

# XelaNull-7dtd-Modlets

## 7 Days to Die : White River - Tools of Citizenship

This modlet collection extends the new player White Run citizenship quest line to provide some gather & craft quests to obtain improved tools and equipment. Each item has a small back story and explanation in an attempt to blend with the vanilla game and Trader. This gives new players a chance to obtain better gear through a method other than randomness or traditional progression. The rewards this Modlet provides were carefully considered against Vanilla gameplay. In most cases, the named items only provide a slight improvement over the items they were created from.

**This mod is only XML XPath modlets and only needs to be installed on the server!**

The modlet collection provides a multi-tier quest line, first requiring the player to craft a +Declaration of Citizenship. This allows them to begin a quest to volunteer to help lay to rest 10 old residents now turned zombie. This earns the player a +White Run Citizenship Card which they can then use to select which equipment quest they would like to pursue. The player's citizenship card is returned to them after they complete the settlement's quest. If it is lost for any reason, the player can craft a new +Declaration of Citizenship to start the process over of becoming a White Run citizen.

--

The White River settlements are looking for new citizens to give extra tools and equipment that they've collected. They are offering to provide a select few survivors access to higher quality equipment in exchange for volunteering to complete various tasks for the settlement. There is a limited supply and these items are only available to those who gain citizenry with White River settlements. In addition to the reward, the player is also offered a small stack of wet concrete blocks, from the last of the Trader's community inventory to assist in re-establishing a homestead.

### Citizenship is offered in two-tiers:

- Tier 1 : Kill 10 Zombies. This is the Basic level of citizenship. Reward: +White Run Citizenship Card
- Tier 2 : Kill 100 Zombies. This is the Veteran level of citizenship. Reward: +White Run Veteran Citizenship Card

Once the player obtains their citizenship card, they can use this to craft quest starter items for the equipment quests below. Some of the quests below offer a veteran version which rewards a sealed crate containing better quality, more items, and greater quantity of each multi-quantity item. However, after each "Veteran" quest is complete, only a basic citizenship card is returned. The player must successfully complete the Tier 2 citizenship quest again in order to pursue another Veteran equipment quest below.

### Questable Equipment:

- Bambi's Killer Bow - Earn the famed deer killer, "Bambi's Killer" Compound Bow with slightly better stats than Vanilla.
- Dundee's Hunting Knife - Take on everything with Dundee's famous Hunting Knife with slightly better stats than Vanilla.
- Everdeen's Arrows & Bolts - The settlement is trying to put together a feast. Help feed everyone in exchange for named arrows & bolts slightly better than Vanilla.
- Gupta's Bandages - Can't craft first aid bandages? Trade Aloe Leaves & Cotton for a few First Aid Bandages.
- Ivanka's Flaming Dig Tools - From the biggest digger herself, steel Pickaxe & Shovel with flaming mods and slightly better stats than Vanilla.
- Kuva's Red Armor - Discover the secret ingredient in Kuva's Red Armor with slightly better stats and environmental mods.
- Leon's Modded SMG - Help Leon finish his DIY gun project, resulting in a 9mm SMG weapon with slightly better stats than Vanilla.
- Taza's Axe - The famed Taza's Axe, already awesome.

All quests are designed to be repeatable in case of loss of equipment or to try your luck at a higher quality reward.

#### Installation

Download the ZIP file and extract. Open the ONE folder and you will find NINE folders inside. Copy the NINE folders to your 7 Days to Die Mods folder.
